[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
So that's when I told him,
"Hey, you're not my doctor!"
What's up?
There's a triple c
thick beast-girl MILF
and a twink robot with emo
bangs makin' out over there!
Don't do it, man! It's a trap!
Look me in my eyes.
Do I look like I care?
Oh, hey-o. Great to meet ya.
I'm surprised that a
lil' TV station like yours
would make an offer to
super-popular comedians
like me and my partner.
I expect our fee ended
up putting you guys
way over budget, amirite?
[POPUKO laughing]
[POPUKO coughing]
[POPUKO]
Huh?
Yo. How's it hanging?
[POPUKO] Um. What's my partner
doing in my green room?
Oh, come on!
You have us sharing a room?
You know I was kidding
about that budget stuff.
Comedians at our level deserve
to have separate rooms.
After all these years,
it's just plain awkward having
to share a room now.
Say, does that paper
have winners
for today's horse race in it?
Nope.
Oh, I see.
Hey, remind me, when
were you in England?
I've never been.
Oh. That's right.
Who's the better actor,
Sabat or Sinclair?
The answer should be obvious.
I guess you're right.
[knocking]
[POPUKO]
Yes?
Hey! Hellsphere to ya!
I'm Peach-Butt Mocchi.
I'm Persimmon-Butt Kanchi.
Together we're Mocchi Kanchi!
We're scheduled to perform
before you on the show today.
We'll be sure to get the crowd
all nice and warmed up for ya.
So hyped to work with you!
Your name's Monkey Panty?
[MOCCHI A] Dude, no!
It's Mocchi Kanchi.
Boner Panty?
[KANCHI A] Why you gotta
bring up boners?
We don't have any--we're all
veteran voice actresses.
For reals though, we respect
the heck out of you guys
considering how long
you've been in the biz.
As a token of that respect,
we brought you a bunch of
Osakan' grannies' panties!
--Hey-o!
--Moron!
You couldn't even erect
the Washington monument
with those nasty things.
Yeah, yeah.
They're really just bento boxes.
We'll get outta your hair--
gotta schmooze with
the folks in casting.
We're still on that grind, baby!
Gotta get that bread! Ha-ha!
It's been great getting to hang
with you guys, for real!
Boner Panty signing off!
We're Mocchi Kanchi,
dumbass. Oh, whatever.
[BOTH]
We out!
[POPUKO]
Hmm...
I'm understanding
these young comedians
less and less every day.
[PIPIMI] If those aren't
Gyogyoen bento,
then I don't want mine.
Since when are you picky?
They're probably some
cheap train station bento
they got on their way here.
Honestly, I'd appreciate it more
if they stuck to the bit
and got us panties.
That's weird. I feel like
I've seen these bento boxes.
But for the life of me,
I can't remember where.
I'm Popuko!
I'm Pipimi!
[BOTH]
And we're Pop Team Epic!
[PIPIMI] Hello! Good morning
to you. We're Pop Team Epic!
Poopoopoopoo poopoo?
[PIPIMI] No. It's pronounced
"Pop Team Epic."
Peepeepeepeepeepee?
[PIPIMI] No, not pee,
it's Pop Team Epic. PTE?
Poopoopoo?
You know how every
casting director nowadays
wants ya to be cuter
in the auditions?
I know exactly what
you're talking about.
Well then, what do you do
when they ask for that?
Ahem. Moe moe kyun!
[AUDIENCE A]
You guys suck!
[AUDIENCE B]
Get off the stage!
[POPUKO] Mr. Pudds the Pudding.
Chip the Chipper Chipmunk.
The chipper Chipmunk?
Poli, Poppy. Policeman.
[PIPIMI chuckles]
I like that last one.
[stomach growls]
[PIPIMI]
I know that sound.
Have you eaten anything today?
[POPUKO]
Nah.
[PIPIMI] Well, we can't
have that, can we?
I'm more than happy to share.
[POPUKO] Whoa. Is that from
that one stall in Kansai?
I'm sorry about all this, Popu.
I dragged you along into
this zany world with me.
You shouldn't have to
live like a pauper
just so I can chase
some crazy dream.
What are you on about?
I was poor way before I met you.
I knew exactly what
I was signing up for.
Don't sweat it. Our only focus
is coming up with jokes.
We'll let the rest
sort itself out.
You're right!
And one day we'll be big enough
to where they'll have to
give us our own green room!
Oh my God! That's amazing!
I'm taking that half back.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
I already got my slobber
on that, you big idiot!
[BOTH chuckling]
Still delicious. At least we
each had our own this time.
[PIPIMI] The last time
I ate one of these,
we were workin'
on our first set.
[POPUKO] Hey! I thought you said
you weren't gonna eat yours.
Yeah, well, I found myself
with a sudden hankering
for the good ol' days.
I know. If it's the old
days you're hungry for,
then let's go get
some beef soup.
Remember how we used to go
out for soup all the time?
I would, but when I eat meat,
it aggravates my gout,
and my legs start to hurt.
Then order it without the meat
and enjoy the tofu
and green onions.
[PIPIMI] I didn't come
all the way to Osaka
just for tofu and green onions!
[POPUKO]
Oh, come on!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
PTE !
[POPUKO laughing]
[BOTH laughing]
[PIPIMI] You got caught
by the tickle monster!
[BOTH laughing]
[POPUKO gasps]
[gasps]
[BOTH laughing]
Boy... You know what I want
more than anything?
A mushroom log.
[SHIITAKE A] Would you like
a delicious piece of me?
You hear that, Pipimi?
My goodness!
A shiitake mushroom log!
Pipimi? Did you hear me?
You're the best!
[PIPIMI, SHIITAKE B]
Love and peace!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Hey, what's going on
with you, Pipimi?
You're being awfully
quie-- What?
Silly torpedo.
You're not Pipimi at all.
Let's get you back home.
[POSEIDON] Hello, Popuko.
I'm Poseidon, king of the--
[POSEIDON screams]
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
[PIPIMI]
Bob Epic Team ?
Kablam! All right, listen up.
It's the prefectural police!
Ah! So bright!
What prefecture are you from?
Hey! I asked you what
prefecture, you punk!
You know there is an
easier way to do this.
I asked you which
prefecture, jackass!
It's Canada! I'm with the
Canada prefectural police!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI gasp]
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
We're very sorry about all this!
[COP A]
Vroom! Vroom!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
OMG, it's a pro gamer!
Get rekt!
Oh my golly gosh!
She's getting tidy just like
they do in Poppex Tournament!
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go...!
Oh my golly gosh goodness!
She's doing the taunt from
Unreal POPU Tournament!
Eisai haramasukoi ...!
Oh my gilly golly gosh goodness!
[POPUKO]
Get rekt!
Why don't we play "Look
That Way" with Like2d?
I'll be the one who picks
which way to look.
And I'm perfectly fine being
the only one playing defense.
[POPUKO]
Okay, get ready.
There! There! There!
Those are the only directions
that we have assets for.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Popuko!
Don't you worry!
I'll fix your garbage
perspective
with the free transform
tool lickity split!
[PIPIMI] Popuko! Popuko! Popuko!
Come on stop! Would you jus--?
Please. Popuko!
Wait, you almost--!
No. Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
Stop it! Stop it! Stop it...!
I can't. It's too much.
Nice try!
Thank you very much
for buying this copy
of Pop Team Epic Season 2 !
Although you probably
would've been better off
if you'd bought concert tickets
for, like, a KPop band,
or maybe even an idol group!
No! Don't say stuff like that!
You know, there's an
idol group called Sphere
that's been together
for 13 years now.
They're all in their 30s,
which means they get
called "veteran idols,"
like they're geriatric
or something,
but they can still sing
84 songs in two days,
or so the script says.
Some of their older songs
reference school uniforms
and stuff like that,
which is pretty cringe since
they are all in their 30s.
I mean, it's cringe
even for back then,
but it's especially cringe
looking back now.
At least, that's what
the script is telling me.
Huh? Not sure why this
part of the episode
turned into a Wikipedia
entry for Sphere,
but that's what's in the script
so that's what I'm gonna say!
Thank you for buying
Pop Team Epic .
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Hear me out.
If two busty anime girls
ran toward each other
at light speed--
There's a three c
thick beast-girl MILF
and a twink robot with emo
bangs makin' out over there!
No, stay strong! It's a trap!
Don't try and stop me!
You don't know how
much I need this!
Hey-o. Good to meet ya.
I'm surprised that a lil'
TV station like yours
would make an offer to
super-popular comedians
like me and my partner.
I wouldn't be surprised
if our fee made a mess
out of your production
budget, amirite?
[POPUKO laughing]
[POPUKO]
Hm?
Hey. How ya doin'?
[POPUKO] Um. Why do you have
my partner in my green room? Hm?
Do you have any idea how long
we've been in this business?
This is very unprofessional
to have comedians at our level
sharing a room.
Not to mention how awkward
it's going to get
with just the two of us in here.
Hey, did you see if that
paper has the winners
for today's horse race in it?
It doesn't.
[POPUKO grunts]
Weren't you obsessed with
snowboarding a while back?
I've never snowboarded.
Not even once?
Nope. Do you like rhinoceros
beetles or stag beetles?
I hate all bugs.
Oh, yeah that's right.
[knocking]
[POPUKO]
Yeah?
Mornin'!
I'm Soft-Skinned Mocchi.
I'm Blown-Knee Kanchi.
Together we're Mocchi Kanchi!
And we're the act
before you guys!
We're totally hyped to be
working with you guys!
Hella hyped!
Nishiki Panty?
[KANCHI B] No, not Nishki Panty!
It's Mocchi Kanchi.
Boner Panty?
[MOCCHI B] What do boners
have to do with anything?
Forget it, let's just move on.
You guys must be
rakin' in the dough
considering how popular you are.
We brought you guys something
we thought you'd like.
A whole bunch of Osakan
granny panties.
They'll help you get
it on with the ladies!
Wait, no! Those are nasty!
I was kidding, dude.
We really got you some
Osakan bento boxes,
so dig in and enjoy.
And while you're at it, maybe
put in a good word for us
with the studio people.
We're still on that grind, baby!
It was great meeting you.
Break a leg! We'll see
you on the show!
Boner Panty signing off!
Mocchi Kanchi, dumbass!
Seriously.
Sue me!
[POPUKO] I'm understanding
these young comedians
less and less every
time I meet them.
[PIPIMI] If it's not a Gyogyoen
bento, then I don't want it.
They're probably some cheap
train station bento anyway.
Part of me wishes
they were panties,
then at least we'd
know those guys
were funny brown nosers
instead of mediocre ones.
That's weird.
I feel like I've seen
these bento before,
but for the life of me,
I can't remember where.
I'm Popuko!
I'm Pipimi!
[BOTH]
And we're Pop Team Epic!
[PIPIMI]
Hello! Good morning to you.
We're Pop Team Epic!
Poopoopoopoopooppoopoo?
[PIPIMI]
No, we're Pop Team Epic.
Peepeepeepeeppeepee?
[PIPIMI] No, not pee,
it's Pop Team Epic. PTE.
Poopoopoo?
Good evening, folks!
This is our first time onstage
and we're a bit nervous.
But don't worry because
we'll be doing our best
to give you all a great show!
Without further ado--
That's right!
[BOTH]
We're Pop Team Epic!
[AUDIENCE A]
You guys suck!
[AUDIENCE B]
Get off the stage!
[POPUKO] At least they didn't
throw bricks this time.
I'll take that as a sign
that we just might be
getting better at this.
That's one way to
measure progress.
[stomach growls]
[PIPIMI]
That's not a happy sound.
Have you had anything
to eat today?
[POPUKO]
Nope.
[PIPIMI] Well, here.
You can share with me.
[POPUKO]
Whoa!
Is that a meat bun
from that popular shop?
I'm sorry about all this, Popu.
I dragged you along into
this zany world with me.
You shouldn't have
to live like a pauper
just so I can chase
some crazy dream.
What are you going on about?
I was poor way before I met
you and I knew exactly
what I was getting into when
you asked to partner up.
Don't sweat it. Our only focus
should be coming up with jokes.
We'll let the rest
sort itself out.
You're right!
And one day we'll be big enough
to where we can demand
to be given the fanciest
green rooms!
Damn this is good!
I'm takin' that half back!
What the hell? No takebacks!
Some partner you are!
[BOTH laugh]
[POPUKO sighs]
[POPUKO] It's nice to know
they're still as delicious
as they were back then.
[PIPIMI]
Last time I had one of these,
we were still workin'
on our first set.
[POPUKO]
This is a surprise.
I thought you said that you
weren't going to eat yours.
That was the plan originally,
but I got nostalgic.
I know, if you're
feeling nostalgic,
then let's go get
some beef soup.
Remember how we used to go
out for soup all the time?
I would, but when I eat meat,
it aggravates my gout,
and my legs start to hurt.
Then order it without meat.
You can still enjoy the
tofu and green onions.
[PIPIMI] Why the hell am I
goin' all the way to Osaka
just for tofu and green onions?
[POPUKO laughs]
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
We're Pop Team Epic!
[POPUKO laughing]
You can't escape me!
I'm the tickle monster! Heh.
Tickle, tickle, tickle!
[BOTH laughing]
[PIPIMI]
Got you! Got you! Got you!
Tickle! Tickle! Tickle!
[POPUKO gasps]
[PIPIMI]
You like that? You like that?
You having fun?
You look like you're having--
[PIPIMI grunting]
[gasps]
[PIPIMI]
Time for the special move!
Gosh. You know what
I wish I had right now?
A shiitake mushroom log.
[SHIITAKE A]
Shiitake!
Did you hear me, Pipimi?
Huh? Is that...?
A shiitake mushroom log.
Oh, Pipimi. You did hear me!
Popuko, hey! Check it out!
I'm in the sun!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Hey, what's going on
with you, Pipimi?
You're being awfully
quiet. Hold up.
Silly torpedo.
You're not Pipimi.
Let's get you back home.
[POSEIDON]
Greetings, sweet Popuko.
It is I, Poseidon--
[POSEIDON screams]
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
[PIPIMI]
Bob Epic Team ?
Kablam! All right, listen up.
It's the prefectural police!
Ah! So bright!
What prefecture are you from?
Hey! I asked you what
prefecture, you punk!
You know, there's an
easier way to do this.
I asked you which
prefecture, jackass!
It's Canada! I'm with the
Canada prefectural police!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI gasp]
[POPUKO, PIPIMI] We're very
sorry about all this!
[COP A]
Vroom! Vroom!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Ooh! It's a pro gamer!
'Sup, shorty? Get rekt!
OMG!
He's getting tidy just like the
pros do in Poppex Tournament!
Hey, girl. Let's go!
Oh, no way!
He's doing the taunt from
Unreal POPU Tournament!
I do that in Unreal
POPU Tournament.
Yaas! OMG! You're
so cool! Slay, queen!
Yo, bae. Poggers!
Yeah!
[POPUKO]
I have a great idea.
Let's play "Look That
Way" with Like2d!
I'll be the one who gets to pick
which way for you to look.
I guess I'm all right with
just playin' defense.
[POPUKO]
Okay, get ready.
There! There! There!
[PIPIMI]
My eyes.
We didn't have anything
else drawn up.
I'm sorry, but you're
stuck like this.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Save me, Popuko!
Leave it to me!
I'll rescue you from that
garbage perspective
with the free transform tool!
[BOTH yelling]
I'm sorry. I've made it worse.
Nice try.
Thank you very much
for purchasing
Pop Team Epic Season 2 !
Why are we shilling
out for this show
when we could be doing it for
one of those yakuza games?
Because we're in this show
and not a yakuza game.
Yeah, but yakuza games are
so much cooler, you know?
Plus, they usually have
fun karaoke mini-games.
Are you talking about
a specific franchise?
[POPUKO] No, just yakuza
games in general.
[PIPIMI] Well, stop, we're
talking about Pop Team !
Fine, Mom!
This isn't really about the
show, but what are you gonna buy
with the money
from your session?
Oh, that. Probably
a steak dinner.
Why not a copy of
Pop Team Epic ?
Because man cannot survive
on anime alone, obviously.
[POPUKO]
Yeah, that's fair.
I bet some fans wish
it were true though.
And they're the ones
buying this show
instead of yakuza games.
I'd figure they'd get both.
Then why were you
going so hard on 'em?
[POPUKO]
'Cuz they're awesome!